Fix The Usage Section in Docs (#837)
uclahs-cds/package-moPepGen: docs/index.md

# moPepGen: <u>M</u>ulti-<u>O</u>mics <u>Pep</u>tide <u>Gen</u>erator

> moPepGen (multi-omics peptide generator) uses data from multiple-omics experiments and calls variant peptides as custom databases for proteogenomic library search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
moPepGen (multi-omics peptide generator) uses data from one or more omics experiments and calls variant peptides as custom databases for proteogenomic library search.
```

> moPepGen takes genomic variants such as single nucleotide variants (SNP or SNV), insertion/deletion (INDEL), gene fusion, and post-transcriptional modifications such as RNA editing and alternative splicing, and detects variated peptides affected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
moPepGen takes genomic and transcriptomic variants such as single nucleotide variants (SNPs or SNVs), small insertions/deletions (indels), gene fusion, alternative splicing, RNA circularization and RNA editing events, and generates noncanonical peptides affected by the variants.
```
